!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
APP_PATH	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/bin/rails	/^APP_PATH = File.expand_path('..\/..\/config\/application',  __FILE__)$/;"	c
Application	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/config/application.rb	/^  class Application < Rails::Application$/;"	c	class:Recipes
ApplicationController	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base$/;"	c
ApplicationHelper	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^module ApplicationHelper$/;"	m
CreateIngredientCategories	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912135438_create_ingredient_categories.rb	/^class CreateIngredientCategories < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateIngredients	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912143612_create_ingredients.rb	/^class CreateIngredients < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreatePeople	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912140035_create_people.rb	/^class CreatePeople < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateRecipeCategories	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912141357_create_recipe_categories.rb	/^class CreateRecipeCategories < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateRecipeIngredients	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130913100254_create_recipe_ingredients.rb	/^class CreateRecipeIngredients < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateRecipes	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912231556_create_recipes.rb	/^class CreateRecipes < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateUnits	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912141128_create_units.rb	/^class CreateUnits < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
Ingredient	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/ingredient.rb	/^class Ingredient < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
IngredientCategoriesController	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^class IngredientCategoriesController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
IngredientCategoriesHelper	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/helpers/ingredient_categories_helper.rb	/^module IngredientCategoriesHelper$/;"	m
IngredientCategory	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/ingredient_category.rb	/^class IngredientCategory < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
IngredientsController	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^class IngredientsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
IngredientsHelper	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/helpers/ingredients_helper.rb	/^module IngredientsHelper$/;"	m
PeopleController	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^class PeopleController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
PeopleHelper	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/helpers/people_helper.rb	/^module PeopleHelper$/;"	m
Person	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/person.rb	/^class Person < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
Recipe	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe.rb	/^class Recipe < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
RecipeCategoriesController	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^class RecipeCategoriesController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
RecipeCategoriesHelper	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/helpers/recipe_categories_helper.rb	/^module RecipeCategoriesHelper$/;"	m
RecipeCategory	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe_category.rb	/^class RecipeCategory < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
RecipeIngredient	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe_ingredient.rb	/^class RecipeIngredient < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
RecipeIngredientsController	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_ingredients_controller.rb	/^class RecipeIngredientsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
RecipeIngredientsHelper	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/helpers/recipe_ingredients_helper.rb	/^module RecipeIngredientsHelper$/;"	m
Recipes	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/config/application.rb	/^module Recipes$/;"	m
RecipesController	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^class RecipesController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
RecipesHelper	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/helpers/recipes_helper.rb	/^module RecipesHelper$/;"	m
Unit	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/unit.rb	/^class Unit < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
UnitsController	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^class UnitsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
UnitsHelper	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/helpers/units_helper.rb	/^module UnitsHelper$/;"	m
add_ingredient	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^  def add_ingredient$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
all_names	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/ingredient.rb	/^  def self.all_names$/;"	F	class:Ingredient
all_names	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/ingredient_category.rb	/^  def self.all_names$/;"	F	class:IngredientCategory
all_names	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/person.rb	/^  def self.all_names$/;"	F	class:Person
all_names	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe_category.rb	/^  def self.all_names$/;"	F	class:RecipeCategory
all_names	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/unit.rb	/^  def self.all_names$/;"	F	class:Unit
author	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe.rb	/^  belongs_to :author, class_name: 'Person'$/;"	f
change	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912135438_create_ingredient_categories.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateIngredientCategories
change	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912140035_create_people.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreatePeople
change	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912141128_create_units.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateUnits
change	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912141357_create_recipe_categories.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateRecipeCategories
change	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912143612_create_ingredients.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateIngredients
change	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130912231556_create_recipes.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateRecipes
change	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/db/migrate/20130913100254_create_recipe_ingredients.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateRecipeIngredients
create	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:IngredientCategoriesController
create	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:IngredientsController
create	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:PeopleController
create	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:RecipeCategoriesController
create	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:RecipeIngredientsController
create	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
create	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:UnitsController
destroy	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:IngredientCategoriesController
destroy	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:IngredientsController
destroy	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:PeopleController
destroy	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:RecipeCategoriesController
destroy	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:RecipeIngredientsController
destroy	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
destroy	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:UnitsController
edit	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:IngredientCategoriesController
edit	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:IngredientsController
edit	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:PeopleController
edit	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:RecipeCategoriesController
edit	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
edit	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:UnitsController
edit_ingredient	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^  def edit_ingredient$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
index	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:IngredientCategoriesController
index	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:IngredientsController
index	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:PeopleController
index	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:RecipeCategoriesController
index	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
index	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:UnitsController
ingredient	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe_ingredient.rb	/^  belongs_to :ingredient$/;"	f
ingredient_category	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/ingredient.rb	/^  belongs_to :ingredient_category$/;"	f
ingredient_category_params	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^    def ingredient_category_params$/;"	f	class:IngredientCategoriesController
ingredient_params	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^    def ingredient_params$/;"	f	class:IngredientsController
ingredients	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/ingredient_category.rb	/^  has_many :ingredients$/;"	f
ingredients	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe.rb	/^  has_many :ingredients, through: :recipe_ingredients$/;"	f
new	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:IngredientCategoriesController
new	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:IngredientsController
new	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:PeopleController
new	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:RecipeCategoriesController
new	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
new	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:UnitsController
person_params	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^    def person_params$/;"	f	class:PeopleController
recipe	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe_ingredient.rb	/^  belongs_to :recipe$/;"	f
recipe_category	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe.rb	/^  belongs_to :recipe_category$/;"	f
recipe_category_params	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^    def recipe_category_params$/;"	f	class:RecipeCategoriesController
recipe_ingredient_params	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_ingredients_controller.rb	/^    def recipe_ingredient_params$/;"	f	class:RecipeIngredientsController
recipe_ingredients	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe.rb	/^  has_many :recipe_ingredients$/;"	f
recipe_params	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^    def recipe_params$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
recipes	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/person.rb	/^  has_many :recipes$/;"	f
set_ingredient	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^    def set_ingredient$/;"	f	class:IngredientsController
set_ingredient_category	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^    def set_ingredient_category$/;"	f	class:IngredientCategoriesController
set_person	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^    def set_person$/;"	f	class:PeopleController
set_recipe	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^    def set_recipe$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
set_recipe_attrs	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^    def set_recipe_attrs$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
set_recipe_category	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^    def set_recipe_category$/;"	f	class:RecipeCategoriesController
set_recipe_ingredient	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_ingredients_controller.rb	/^    def set_recipe_ingredient$/;"	f	class:RecipeIngredientsController
set_unit	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^    def set_unit$/;"	f	class:UnitsController
show	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:IngredientCategoriesController
show	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:IngredientsController
show	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:PeopleController
show	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:RecipeCategoriesController
show	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
show	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:UnitsController
unit	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/models/recipe_ingredient.rb	/^  belongs_to :unit$/;"	f
unit_params	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^    def unit_params$/;"	f	class:UnitsController
update	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredient_categories_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:IngredientCategoriesController
update	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:IngredientsController
update	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/people_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:PeopleController
update	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_categories_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:RecipeCategoriesController
update	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipe_ingredients_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:RecipeIngredientsController
update	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/recipes_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:RecipesController
update	/home/jakub/Dropbox/Projects/rails/recipes/app/controllers/units_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:UnitsController
